# Terms & Conditions
This site is primarily for the dissemination of authenticated collaterals produced by the professionals working under the aegis of the [Telemedicine Society of India](https://tsi.org.in/), and its associates for training of registered medical professionals in the practice of telemedicine (primarily tele consultation). There is no warranty, or liability on the collaterals and artifacts contained herein.

We strive to maintain the best quality and timeliness of the deliverables, however, these documents do not form a product or service agreement, and there is no service level agreement provided. All collaterals and materials are provided as-is on a best effort basis only. While due diligence and a stringent review process have been followed in producing these documents and artifacts, there may be inadvertent errors of omission or commission that have slipped our process. These offerings are provided without any warranty or liability. The users agree to indemnify the administrators and maintainers of this repository, the authors, the Telemedicine Society of India, the contributors and other associates or volunteers against any direct or indirect damages resulting from the information contained herein. The view expressed by individual contributors need not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of the Telemedicine Society of India, the reviewers and maintainers of these repositories, documents and artifacts.

Users are expected to ascertain the validity of the content against the latest guidelines published by the MoHFW and other departments of the Central Government of India and State Governments. [Click here for the MoHFW, GoI guidelines on Telemedicine](https://www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/Telemedicine.pdf)

All material is licensed under "Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 India". We do NOT guarantee any personal data protection or privacy rights adherence. Users and contributors, alike, are advised to diligently avoid submissions of any information they do not wish to make public. Disputes are subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in New Delhi, India only.
